Hi how are you?
You must think it strange that I appear like this.
Yeah, I confess I had to overcome myself
To come and tell you here
And remind you of what I did not forget
Like what happened the first time I saw you
Our eyes met and before I even saw you, I ...
I've loved you...
Tell me what I should do if I can not forget you?
I can not bear it any longer
This lack you make me, I already feel that I am incapable
To live without you ...
Then it was so good, we both did not part
The world has become small, the problems ease, a peace
The plans for the future that we have made, the vows of eternal love
Where did they end up?
I spend my nights in clear
Thinking about where I may have gone wrong
There is no more peace
I can not continue anymore
Tell me what I should do if I can not forget you?
I can not stand it any more
This lack you make me, I already feel that I am incapable
To live without you
Tell me what I should do if I can not forget you?
I can not bear it any longer
This lack you make me, I already feel that I am incapable
Of living...
Without you...
Tell me what I should do.
If I can not forget you?
I can not bear it any longer
This lack you make me
I already feel that I am incapable
To live without you ...